Data collection

There is a fundamental problem if you want to access historical projects on the Kickstarter platform. While searching for the most recently completed projects on the Kickstarter platform, all successfully completed projects appear. However, the search for unsuccessful projects ends in vain. Kickstarter removes failed projects from its browse mode and also de-indexes these projects from external search engines (Kickstarter 2024). You can only access the project pages by searching for these projects directly. To get around this problem, I use the website Kicktraq. Kicktraq is a website that provides analyses of all existing and historical Kickstarter projects. Each project page there also references the respective Kickstarter project page. Using Kicktraq as a detour, I was able to access the Kickstarter project pages of all historical projects. In a first step, I crawled the project pages of all projects from January 5, 2022 to March 8, 2024 on the Kicktraq website and scraped their content. In the end, I had 59,386 project data with 13 variables each. However, due to a bug in my code, which falsified certain variable data and partially incorrect/outdated information on the Kicktraq website, only three of these variables are used in the final data set, which were not affected by these errors. These are the variables Kickstarter_link, Updates and Category. The first variable is required to access the Kickstarter platform of the respective project. The Updates variable contains the number of all updates that a founder published during the funding phase, while the Category variable represents the category associated with a project. Of these 59,386 projects, which make up all projects in the period described, not all projects could be crawled on Kickstarter. This was not due to incorrect references or any problems, but merely to limitations in the available resources. Like most websites, these two also have barriers that make crawling more difficult. These barriers serve as self-defense for the websites and protect them from possible attacks in order to avoid overloads. These server overloads can limit the performance of the website and, in the worst case, force the operators to restart the server and thus temporarily close the website. In order to overcome these restrictions and access the data unhindered by possible defense systems, it is possible to use rotating IP addresses. This means that the crawling computer remains unknown and the blocking of possible IP addresses is useless. There are various providers of rotating IP addresses. Logically, most of them are chargeable. For my data collection, I decided to use the provider Zenrows, which, in addition to rotating IP addresses, also has a direct function for Javascript rendering and thus facilitates the scraping of the Kickstarter platform. Due to the costs incurred for crawling each additional page, my data collection is limited to 23,384 projects. The projects used were selected completely randomly from the originally extracted 59,386 projects. A total of four websites were crawled from each Kickstarter project. Firstly, the campaign page on which the most important information about the project can be found. On this page, I scraped information on the following variables: State, Funded, Goal, Backers, Duration, Blurb, Favorite, OpenCall, VideoHeader, Videos, Images, Rewards, Verified, Links, UpdatesAll, Comments. Secondly, I extracted all comments from the comments section (limited to the last roughly 400 comments) to perform a simplified sentiment analysis. For this I used the Python library TextBlob, which can identify certain word sections within a text and assign sentiments to them using a pattern library. The results of this analysis can be found in the Sentiment variable. Thirdly, I collected additional information about each project founder on Kickstarter's own founder page. The focus here is on the number of previously successful projects and the number of projects supported. These two pieces of information can be found in the variables Supported and Backed. Finally, I crawled the community section of the projects. This provides insights into the composition of the supporters. In addition to a list of the countries and cities from which most supporters come, there is also information on the number of new and returning supporters. I include the last two pieces of information in my model as variables called NewBackers and OldBackers. However, the community section is subject to a restriction, as it only contains information for projects that have at least ten backers. For this reason, when analyzing these two variables, I work with a subset of the large data set, which only contains projects that have at least ten backers. This second data set now consists of 16,811 projects, which is still more projects than most comparable studies use (Deng et al., 2022: 13). In the following, this data set will be referred to as Backers Subset for the sake of simplicity. 
The basic structure of Kickstarter project pages and my approach to data extraction can be seen schematically in the .png file in this repository.
In principle, most of the variables do not differ too much from the variables usually used in the existing literature. For this reason, they are not explained in detail. A brief explanation of these variables can be found in my seminar paper. The three variables OpenCall, NewBackers and OldBackers, on the other hand, are more unique variables that have not yet been analyzed in this form. The OpenCall variable is a binary variable that assumes the value 0 if the project was not published as part of an OpenCall and the value 1 if it belongs to an OpenCall. Projects in an Open Call can be identified using a badge, just like Kickstarter favorites. NewBackers is a variable that represents the number of new backers. New backers are backers who have not previously backed a project on Kickstarter. Returning backers (OldBackers), on the other hand, have already backed other projects on Kickstarter and can therefore be considered more experienced. Even though it is possible to set up multiple accounts on Kickstarter, which could potentially skew these two variables, there does not seem to be a plausible reason why someone would want to do this. Backers are generally anonymous on Kickstarter. Kickstarter follows strict data protection principles and only allows project founders to see the backer's username and the amount of funding chosen. Only if the project is successful do they also receive access to the e-mail address in order to be able to contact the backers (Kickstarter 2024). It is also not possible for supporters to identify other supporters. For reasons of anonymity, creating a second (fake) account therefore seems pointless. On the contrary, there are even disadvantages to creating multiple accounts. As discussed in the literature review, reciprocity on the platform has a positive effect on project success. Active engagement on the platform is therefore rewarded. Since founders are also supporters and vice versa, it should therefore be possible to trace every activity carried out back to a single account in the interests of the platform users. As a founder, having a single verified account also contributes to credibility. 

References
Attached in my paper
